alright see once you have to take part
an old monitor and get out like the fly
back out of it and scrap the parts you
can see this how the date monitor it's
really old
there's a lot of cool parts we can get
out of this but don't do this unless you
know what you're doing because the
inside here that's a lot of parts that
can kill you and I don't want you guys
get hurt doing it so I'm going to take
off the cover and I'm cool video from
there okay I took the cover off and I'll
show you it's really does tics it's
really old
as you can see fly backs right here I
think see it it's right here and there's
a suction cup thing that connects it to
back TV and we're gonna take out this
and we're gonna keep that and really I
don't have any idea what threats these
parts are but I'm gonna keep some of
them just in case
I'm in one day I might find out what
they do I might find it cool so I'm
gonna try keep some of this and throw
away the rest because it's just useless
to me
but I'm gonna take off these screws and
I'll show you from that after that okay
I'm gonna show you I've done now broke
the circuit board free but there's still
some wires that's hold it down but I
didn't take off that screen because
that's a heat sink for transistors as
you can see back here on it and TV space
down that's why it works so funny but
see a lot of good parts on the inside
here it's really dusty just the static
from the high voltage makes it stick but
one try to remove the whole circuit
board and I see it from there after we
get all this disconnected okay after
kept Amar's because I don't know what
some of them get to I took off it looks
like like a driver to the CR whatever
they call them but please make sure do
not do this if TVs been around before
and I mean you've got a mistake I mean
high voltage really helpful is it make
sure to discharge everything which this
was the old TV I knew I didn't even I
mean I did anyway discharge it but make
sure you do
okay here's the circuit board it has fly
back on it looks like we got some big
caps
transformer heatsink with transistor on
it's another this is a big heat sink
that's why I was gonna take off first
but that's sudden not to because he had
all these transistors connected to it
and the capacitor looks like we've got a
big
wattage sister a bunch of chips on here
a lot of transistors and transistors and
a lot of good stuff I'm also gonna keep
this that's got some stuff on it which I
don't know well it gets there I mean but
pretty neat we'll see what we can do
with all these parts and try to build
something with up and let me clean this
up a little bit my face more okay and I
cleaned it off really good and now I've
been able to observe it a little bit
more I'll show you the parts on inside
okay so you can see there's I mean
bigger parts because there's such an
older you know system which makes it
good for me because I mean parter helped
me I can easily take them off the
circuit board because they're not really
soldered down I mean they are but
they're and they have like leads to them
they're not like tip
spirits and chip capacitors and stuff I
mean these and look at these things but
my next video I'll show you how to
we'll just mess around the flyback and
I'll see what I can do with these uh
transistors because it's pretty neat I
don't want to go to waste I mean I have
some many of them too but there's tons
of coils in here just simple stuff that
we can you know put good use but thanks
for watching my video again that we
didn't bore you too much but this is
what you need to do to you know safely
take apart hold monitor or something but
be sure to ground everything because you
don't want to get killed
I just messed around but uh it's been
good thanks for watching